We've now got a little bit of starter code for all service.
Rather than developing the service out, let's immediately start to set up some different Kubernetes
infrastructure stuff so we can start to run the service in Kubernetes immediately, which is going to
make our lives a little bit easier than if we were going to develop the whole service and then come
back later and start to set up the Kubernetes stuff.
So any time that we start to set up Kubernetes, we need a couple of different things.
We first need to make sure that we can build an image out of our service.
In order to build an image, remember, we have to write out a Docker file.
So inside of my off directory, I'm going to make a new file called Docker File.
Then inside this file, we're going to write out a couple of different steps, very similar to the ones
that we wrote out a little bit ago on our last project.
So at the very top, I'll do from Node Alpine.
We will set up a working directory of app.
We will copy over just our package json file.
We will then install all of our dependencies with run npm install.
Well then copy over everything else from our project directory into that app folder.
And then finally we can set up our command to run with the image or the container first starts up.
So we'll do a command of AMPM.
Start like so.
I'm going to save that file and close it.
Now, remember, we don't really want to load up node modules into our container as it's being built.
So I'm going to create another file inside this directory called Dot Docker.
Ignore.
And inside of Docker ignore.
I will list out node modules and then save the file.
Cool.
So we've now got some config put together for off.
I'm going to go back over to my terminal and just try to build this image very quickly just to make
sure that, yeah, we can run it and everything looks reasonable.
So back at my terminal.
I'm going to stop the server that we're currently running.
I'll then do a docker build dash t.
My Docker ID slash.
I'm going to call this thing off.
And then don't forget a period at the very end.
All right, so it looks like I've copied over the package shot chase on file.
I'm doing a little bit of installation.
And so after a brief second or so, I should see this thing kick back out.
Yep.
Looks like it's all installed and I have successfully built the image.
Okay.
Well, that's a good start.
So now we're going to start to put together a little bit more configuration to get that image loaded
up into a Kubernetes cluster.
To get that image running.
We're going to create remember, it is called a deployment.
A deployment is going to create a set of pods for us automatically.
And we can make sure that those pods are running our off service.
So to write out a Kubernetes config file, I'm going to take the same strategy that we used in the last
project.
I'm going to create a new folder inside this directory called Infra Short for Infrastructure.
I'll make a new folder inside there called K Eights.
And then inside that folder I'll make a new file called off dash devel html.
So inside this file, we're going to create our deployment.
That's why we had the depot on there.
It is just short for deployment.
Then inside of here, we're going to write out a bunch of configuration that looks identical to what
we just did a little bit ago on our last project.
So at the very top we'll do API version of apps.
Slash V one.
We're going to set a kind of deployment.
I'll set metadata with a name of auth dash devel.
Well, then start to write out a spec.
So inside of here, we're going to first designate the number of pods that we want to run for the auth
service.
So I want replicas.
Of one.
I just want to run one copy of that image right now.
Well then set up a selector with match labels and app of off.
Remember, this is step one in a little two step process.
This the purpose of this selector right here is going to be to tell the deployment how to find all the
pods that it's going to create.
After setting up that selector, we'll then set up the template.
And so this template right here is how to create each individual pod that this deployment is going to
create.
Well, first set up our metadata in here with labels of app colon auth.
So again, this selector right here is kind of matching up with the label that we set right there.
Then on the same indentation level as metadata, we'll set up our actual spec.
So this is going to tell the pod how to behave.
We're going to first designate all the containers that are going to be running inside this pod.
We're going to have one entry inside this array.
So I'll put in a little dash right there to indicate an array entry.
I'm going to give the container a name of auth.
And remember, this name right here is only important for logging purposes.
We're going to set the image to use, which will be your Docker ID.
Slash off the name of the image that we just put together 2 seconds ago.
And that should be enough to get us started.
So there's our deployment.
Now, remember, any time we create a deployment, we usually are going to want to end up creating a
service to go along with it.
This is a Kubernetes service, something to give us access or allow us to get access to a pod.
We could create a separate file inside of our directory to house the service, but a lot of the time
we're going to end up with a 1 to 1 ratio between our deployments and the services.
So I personally like to just define a service inside the same file as the deployment so that all this
stuff is put together in one single location.
So let's define a service at the very bottom of the file.
At the very bottom down here.
I'll put in that dash, dash, dash, and then we'll write out our config for our service.
I'll put an API version of V one in this case, a kind of service.
Or metadata.
I'll set up a name of auth CRV.
Then our spec to tell the service how to behave.
So we will put on that selector, which is going to tell this service how to find the set of pods that
is supposed to govern access to.
We want to find all the pods with the label of app colon off.
So as a selector I will put in app colon auth like so.
Well, then list out all the different ports that we want to expose on that pod.
We only have one port that we really care about right now.
So I'm going to put in name of off.
A protocol of TCP.
And then we can set up our port.
Should not be a colon at the end there a port of 3000 and a target port of 3000 as well.
So we're using 3000 in this case because remember, our off can implementation that we put together
in the last video, we had it listening on Port 3000.
Okay.
So it's looks good.
You'll notice that in the spec section I did not define a type for the service we are relying upon the
default.
The default service whenever we create one is a cluster IP service.
You might recall that a cluster IP service is going to allow communication to the service from anything
else running only inside of our cluster.
So this looks like a good place to get started.
We'll save this right here.
This video is running a little bit long, so we'll take a quick pause.
But when we come back, the next video, we're going to start to write out a scaffold config file.
Remember, the goal of scaffold is to find all the different things we want to throw into our cluster,
build them up and then throw them in and also handle some live code reload for any changes that we make
to our project as well.
So a quick pause and we'll start to set up scaffold in just a moment.